Add kubernetes example for DD_APM_REPLACE_TAGS (#8089)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/guide/security.md

]
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Kubernetes" %}}

> NOTE: Make sure you put this environment variable in the trace-agent container if you are using the recommended [daemonset configuration](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/kubernetes/?tab=daemonset).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Put this environment variable in the trace-agent container if you are using the recommended [daemonset configuration][1].
```

```datadog-agent.yaml
- name: DD_APM_REPLACE_TAGS
  value: '[
            {
              "name": "http.url",
              "pattern": "token/(.*)",
              "repl": "?"
            },
            {
              "name": "*",
              "pattern": "foo",
              "repl": "bar"
            },
            {
              "name": "error.stack",
              "pattern": "(?s).*"
            }
          ]'

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/kubernetes/?tab=daemonset
```

Reviewer: this adds the link to the bottom of the page to fit our formatting
